What do you want?
I'm not calling you here to get a job.
You're not even a
good-for-nothing.
You're just spilling out your trash.
What a terrible world.
No matter how much you spill, you don't get a penny.
Besides,
this Nagaya is said to be a poor Nagaya.
That's a bad reputation.
It's a bad reputation.
Yes, a poor Nagaya, a poor Nagaya.
I've never heard of a poor Nagaya.
I don't have a good reputation.
I'm not saying you don't have a good reputation.
I met with the police.
They all said I was a bad man.
Don't be so cruel.
You're a good man.
What if you're a thief?
I'm fine.
I'm not a thief.
I'll leave Nagaya.
You can't steal from here.
So,
I heard rumors about a woman in Ueno.
Look at the front.
The flowers are blooming.
I see.
I'm thinking of planting flowers to make the cake.
Ueno Asuka-yama and the other islands
have a lot of famous places to plant flowers.
I think Asuka-yama is a good place.
I'm sure there are many people.
Why do you say that?
Do you plant flowers all over the place?
No.
Why do you say that?
Look.
There are three bottles.
I want you to bring them.
That sounds great.
I'm going.
You're going.
Who are you talking to?
I'm going to school.
Everyone is going.
I see.
I want you to be my maid.
I want you to take care of me.
How much do you get from Nagoya?
I don't need it.
I'm not going to let anyone else do it.
I'm not a man of honor.
I don't drink.
I added water to the tea.
I see.
It's a little bit of a mess.
Is it tea?
I'll drink tea and start pouring tea.
What about the food in the pot?
The fish is a stock of grated radish.
The fried egg is a stock of takuan.
What?
The stock of takuan?
I'll eat it all up and finish drinking.
It's not funny to eat it all.
Let's have a drink.
I hope you will.
You look like you're having a drink.
It's a good idea.
But it's funny.
Let's go.
I see.
I'm sorry, but please take the moon and the moonlight in front of you.
Where?
Where? In the bowl.
The bowl is strange.
It's a bug, isn't it?
Why is it a bug?
If I say it's a bug, it's a bird.
I'm a bug.
Don't say unnecessary things.
What are you going to do with this?
You'll have to make a wish in the middle of the arana
and get it to come through the shimabari bowl.
Who's going to get it?
The moon will be in the moon tonight and the moon will be in the moon next month.
It's a bad time for the moon.